Added Apple Pay testing (#2387)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/live-testing/testing-apple-pay.md

import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

Apple Pay is a mobile payment and digital wallet service developed by Apple Inc. It allows you to make payments using your Apple devices, including iPhones and iPads. However, testing Apple Pay can be challenging, especially when it comes to testing it on different devices and environments. In this regard, Sauce Labs provides three ways to test Apple Pay, including using Simulators, using real private devices with an Apple Pay Sandbox Testing account, and using real private devices with a real production account and real credit cards.
https://developer.apple.com/apple-pay/sandbox-testing/

## What You'll Need

- A Sauce Labs account ([Log in](https://accounts.saucelabs.com/am/XUI/#login/) or sign up for a [free trial license](https://saucelabs.com/sign-up)).
- A native iOS, or iPadOS mobile app.

> - A [private devices](https://docs.saucelabs.com/mobile-apps/supported-devices/#private-device-cloud) with Apple Pay enabled! (To get access to our private device cloud, please reach out to your Sauce Labs account executive or to our support team.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [private devices](/mobile-apps/supported-devices/#private-device-cloud) with Apple Pay enabled! To access our private device cloud, contact your Sauce Labs account executive or our support team.
```

## Passcode

One of the Apple Pay requirements is having a set passcode on your phone. Without it, you won't be able to add cards to your wallet. You need to use our Device Passcode capability.

> [You can check out our passcode capability](https://docs.saucelabs.com/mobile-apps/live-testing/live-mobile-app-testing/#default-app-settings:~:text=click%20Update.-,Device%20Passcode,-Real%20Devices%20Only), where you can use a dummy app or our [Sauce Demo application](https://github.com/saucelabs/my-demo-app-ios/releases/tag/2.0.2) to start a session with Passcode enabled automatically. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To initiate a session with automatic Passcode enabling, [explore our passcode capability](/mobile-apps/live-testing/live-mobile-app-testing/#default-app-settings), where you have the option to utilize either a dummy app or our [Sauce Demo application](https://github.com/saucelabs/my-demo-app-ios/releases/tag/2.0.2).
```
